feat(extmarks): expose spell from extmarks (#19419)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/options.txt

'spelloptions' 'spo'	string	(default "")
			local to buffer
	A comma-separated list of options for spell checking:
	camel		When a word is CamelCased, assume "Cased" is a
			separate word: every upper-case character in a word
			that comes after a lower case character indicates the
			start of a new word.
	noplainbuffer	Only spellcheck a buffer when 'syntax' is enabled, or

> 			or when extmarks are set within the buffer. Only

Reviewer: extmarks with `spell = true`.

Author: I think that the help here should be higher level.

> 	noplainbuffer	Only spellcheck a buffer when 'syntax' is enabled, or
> 			or when extmarks are set within the buffer. The buffer
> 			is the never spellchecked as-is, but only using some
> 			filtering of the regions to spellcheck.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	noplainbuffer	Only spell check a buffer when 'syntax' is enabled or
			when extmarks are set within the buffer. Only designated regions of the buffer are spell checked in this case.
```
